---
title: DOMANDE frequenti sull'importazione di file PST in Office 365
ms.author: markjjo
author: markjjo
manager: laurawi
ms.audience: Admin
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: O365-seccomp
localization_priority: Normal
ms.collection: M365-security-compliance
search.appverid:
- MOE150
- MED150
- MET150
ms.assetid: 2fe71b05-f5a2-4182-ade7-4dc5cabdfd51
description: "Domande frequenti per gli amministratori sull'utilizzo del servizio di importazione di Office 365 per importare i file PST di Organizaiton in cassette postali di Office 365. "
ms.openlocfilehash: 69767353a574336351b01fdc42a9c6117c5c31ed
ms.sourcegitcommit: 0017dc6a5f81c165d9dfd88be39a6bb17856582e
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: it-IT
ms.lasthandoff: 04/23/2019
ms.locfileid: "32255434"
---
# <a name="faq-about-importing-pst-files-to-office-365"></a><span data-ttu-id="2785c-103">DOMANDE frequenti sull'importazione di file PST in Office 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-103">FAQ about importing PST files to Office 365</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2785c-104">**Questo articolo è per gli amministratori. Si desidera importare i file PST nella propria cassetta postale? Vedere [importare messaggi di posta elettronica, contatti e calendario da un file PST di Outlook](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=785075)**|</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-104">**This article is for administrators. Do you want to import PST files to your own mailbox? See [Import email, contacts, and calendar from an Outlook .pst file](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=785075)**|</span></span>
   
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-105">Di seguito sono riportate alcune domande frequenti sull'utilizzo del servizio di importazione di Office 365 per importare in blocco i file PST nelle cassette postali di Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-105">Here are some frequently asked questions about using the Office 365 Import Service to bulk-import PST files to Office 365 mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-106">Per ulteriori informazioni su come importare i file PST, vedere [Overview of import PST files to Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/ba688e0a-0fcb-4bd7-8e57-2b669564ea84).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-106">For more information about how to import PST files, see [Overview of importing PST files to Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/ba688e0a-0fcb-4bd7-8e57-2b669564ea84).</span></span>
  
## <a name="using-network-upload-to-import-pst-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="2785c-107">Utilizzo del caricamento di rete per importare i file PST</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-107">Using network upload to import PST files</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2785c-108">Per istruzioni dettagliate, vedere [usare il caricamento di rete per importare i file PST in Office 365](use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-108">For step-by-step instructions, see [Use network upload to import PST files to Office 365](use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files.md).</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-109">**Quali autorizzazioni sono necessarie per creare processi di importazione nel servizio di importazione di Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-109">**What permissions are required to create import jobs in the Office 365 Import Service?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-110">È necessario essere assegnati al ruolo di esportazione delle cassette postali in Exchange Online per importare i file PST nelle cassette postali di Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-110">You have to be assigned the Mailbox Import Export role in Exchange Online to import PST files to Office 365 mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-111">Per impostazione predefinita, questo ruolo non è assegnato a nessun gruppo di ruoli in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-111">By default, this role isn't assigned to any role group in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-112">You can add the Mailbox Import Export role to the Organization Management role group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-112">You can add the Mailbox Import Export role to the Organization Management role group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-113">Or you can create a new role group, assign the Mailbox Import Export role, and then add yourself or other users as a member.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-113">Or you can create a new role group, assign the Mailbox Import Export role, and then add yourself or other users as a member.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-114">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere la sezione "aggiungere un ruolo a un gruppo di ruoli" o "creare un gruppo di ruoli" in Manage role groups [in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=730688).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-114">For more information, see the "Add a role to a role group" or the "Create a role group" sections in [Manage role groups in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=730688).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-115">Per creare processi di importazione nel centro sicurezza & Compliance, è inoltre necessario che sia vero uno dei seguenti valori:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-115">Additionally, to create import jobs in the Security & Compliance Center, one of the following must be true:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="2785c-116">È necessario essere assegnati al ruolo destinatari di posta elettronica in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-116">You have to be assigned the Mail Recipients role in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-117">By default, this role is assigned to the Organization Management and Recipient Management roles groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-117">By default, this role is assigned to the Organization Management and Recipient Management roles groups.</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="2785c-118">Oppure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-118">Or</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="2785c-119">È necessario essere un amministratore globale dell'organizzazione di Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-119">You have to be a global administrator in your Office 365 organization.</span></span>
    
> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-120">Valutare la possibilità di creare un nuovo gruppo di ruoli in Exchange Online specificamente progettato per l'importazione di file PST in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-120">Consider creating a new role group in Exchange Online that's specifically intended for importing PST files to Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-121">Per il livello minimo di privilegi necessari per importare i file PST, assegnare i ruoli di importazione e esportazione delle cassette postali al nuovo gruppo di ruoli e quindi aggiungere membri.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-121">For the minimum level of privileges required to import PST files, assign the Mailbox Import Export and Mail Recipients roles to the new role group, and then add members.</span></span> 
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-122">**Dove è disponibile il caricamento di rete?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-122">**Where is network upload available?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-123">Il caricamento di rete è attualmente disponibile negli Stati Uniti, Canada, Brasile, Regno Unito, Francia, Europa, India, Asia orientale, sud-est asiatico, Giappone, Repubblica di Corea e Australia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-123">Network upload is currently available in the United States, Canada, Brazil, the United Kingdom, France, Europe, India, East Asia, Southeast Asia, Japan, Republic of Korea, and Australia.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-124">Network upload will be available in more regions soon.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-124">Network upload will be available in more regions soon.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-125">**What is the pricing for importing PST files by using network upload?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-125">**What is the pricing for importing PST files by using network upload?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-126">Using network upload to import PST files is free.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-126">Using network upload to import PST files is free.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-127">Questo significa anche che dopo l'eliminazione dei file PST dall'area di archiviazione di Azure, non vengono più visualizzati nell'elenco dei file per un processo di importazione completato nell'interfaccia di amministrazione di Microsoft 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-127">This also means that after PST files are deleted from the Azure storage area, they're no longer displayed in the list of files for a completed import job in the Microsoft 365 admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-128">Anche se un processo di importazione potrebbe essere ancora elencato nella pagina **Importa dati in Office 365** , l'elenco dei file PST potrebbe essere vuoto quando si visualizzano i dettagli dei processi di importazione meno recenti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-128">Although an import job might still be listed on the **Import data to Office 365** page, the list of PST files might be empty when you view the details of older import jobs.</span></span> 
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-129">**What version of the PST file format is supported for importing to Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-129">**What version of the PST file format is supported for importing to Office 365?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-130">There are two versions of the PST file format: ANSI and Unicode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-130">There are two versions of the PST file format: ANSI and Unicode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-131">We recommend importing files that use the Unicode PST file format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-131">We recommend importing files that use the Unicode PST file format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-132">Tuttavia, i file che utilizzano il formato di file PST ANSI, ad esempio quelli relativi alle lingue che utilizzano un set di caratteri a doppio byte (DBCS), possono essere importati anche in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-132">However, files that use the ANSI PST file format, such as those for languages that use a double-byte character set (DBCS), can also be imported to Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-133">Per ulteriori informazioni sull'importazione di file PST ANSI, vedere il passaggio 4 in [use Network upload to import your organization ' s PST files to Office 365](use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files.md#step-4-create-the-pst-import-mapping-file).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-133">For more information about importing ANSI PST files, see Step 4 in [Use network upload to import your organization's PST files to Office 365](use-network-upload-to-import-pst-files.md#step-4-create-the-pst-import-mapping-file).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-134">Additionally, PST files from Outlook 2007 and later versions can be imported to Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-134">Additionally, PST files from Outlook 2007 and later versions can be imported to Office 365.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-135">**Dopo aver caricato i file PST nell'area di archiviazione di Azure, per quanto tempo sono conservati in Azure prima di essere eliminati?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-135">**After I upload my PST files to the Azure storage area, how long are they kept in Azure before they're deleted?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-136">Quando si utilizza il metodo di caricamento di rete per importare i file PST, è possibile caricarli in un contenitore BLOB di Azure denominato **ingestiondata**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-136">When you use the network upload method to import PST files, you upload them to an Azure blob container named **ingestiondata**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-137">Se non sono presenti processi di importazione in corso nella pagina **Importa** nel centro sicurezza & Compliance, tutti i file pst nel contenitore **ingestiondata** in Azure vengono eliminati 30 giorni dopo la creazione del processo di importazione più recente nel & di sicurezza Centro conformità.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-137">If there are no import jobs in progress on the **Import** page in the Security & Compliance Center), then all PST files in the **ingestiondata** container in Azure are deleted 30 days after the most recent import job was created in the Security & Compliance Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-138">Questo significa anche che è necessario creare un nuovo processo di importazione nel centro conformità di sicurezza & (descritto nel passaggio 5 nelle istruzioni per il caricamento di rete) entro 30 giorni dal caricamento dei file PST in Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-138">That also means you have to create a new import job in the Security & Compliance Center (described in Step 5 in the network upload instructions) within 30 days of uploading PST files to Azure.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-139">Questo significa anche che dopo l'eliminazione dei file PST dall'area di archiviazione di Azure, non vengono più visualizzati nell'elenco dei file per un processo di importazione completato nel centro sicurezza & Compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-139">This also means that after PST files are deleted from the Azure storage area, they're no longer displayed in the list of files for a completed import job in the Security & Compliance Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-140">Anche se un processo di importazione potrebbe essere ancora elencato nella pagina **Importa** del Centro sicurezza & Compliance, l'elenco dei file PST potrebbe essere vuoto quando si visualizzano i dettagli dei processi di importazione meno recenti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-140">Although an import job might still be listed on the **Import** page in the Security & Compliance Center, the list of PST files might be empty when you view the details of older import jobs.</span></span> 
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-141">**Quanto tempo è necessario per importare un file PST in una cassetta postale?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-141">**How long does it take to import a PST file to a mailbox?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-142">It depends on the capacity of your network, but it typically takes several hours for each terabyte (TB) of data to be uploaded to the Azure storage area for your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-142">It depends on the capacity of your network, but it typically takes several hours for each terabyte (TB) of data to be uploaded to the Azure storage area for your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-143">Dopo aver copiato i file PST nell'area di archiviazione di Azure, un file PST viene importato in una cassetta postale di Office 365 a una velocità di almeno 24 GB al giorno.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-143">After the PST files are copied to the Azure storage area, a PST file is imported to an Office 365 mailbox at a rate of at least 24 GB per day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-144">Se questa percentuale non soddisfa le proprie esigenze, è possibile prendere in considerazione altri metodi per la migrazione dei dati di posta elettronica a Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-144">If this rate doesn't meet your needs, you might consider other methods for migrating email data to Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-145">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere [Modalità di migrazione della posta elettronica a Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/ways-to-migrate-multiple-email-accounts-to-office-365-0a4913fe-60fb-498f-9155-a86516418842).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-145">For more information, see [Ways to migrate multiple email accounts to Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/ways-to-migrate-multiple-email-accounts-to-office-365-0a4913fe-60fb-498f-9155-a86516418842).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-146">If different PST files are imported to different target mailboxes, the import process occurs in parallel; in other words, each PST/mailbox pair is imported simultaneously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-146">If different PST files are imported to different target mailboxes, the import process occurs in parallel; in other words, each PST/mailbox pair is imported simultaneously.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-147">Analogamente, se più file PST vengono importati nella stessa cassetta postale, verranno importati contemporaneamente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-147">Likewise, if multiple PST files are imported to the same mailbox, they will be simultaneously imported.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-148">**Is there a message size limit when importing PST files?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-148">**Is there a message size limit when importing PST files?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-149">Sì.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-149">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-150">Se un file PST contiene un elemento della cassetta postale di dimensioni superiori a 150 MB, l'elemento verrà ignorato durante il processo di importazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-150">If a PST file contains a mailbox item that is larger than 150 MB, the item will be skipped during the import process.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-151">**Sono proprietà del messaggio, ad esempio quando il messaggio è stato inviato o ricevuto, l'elenco di destinatari e altre proprietà, conservate quando i file PST vengono importati in una cassetta postale di Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-151">**Are message properties, such as when the message was sent or received, the list of recipients and other properties, preserved when PST files are imported to an Office 365 mailbox?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-152">Sì.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-152">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-153">I metadati del messaggio originale non sono cambiati durante il processo di importazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-153">The original message metadata isn't changed during the import process.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-154">**Is there a limit to the number of levels in a folder hierarchy for a PST file that I want to import to a mailbox?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-154">**Is there a limit to the number of levels in a folder hierarchy for a PST file that I want to import to a mailbox?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p114">Yes. You can't import a PST file that has 300 or more levels of nested folders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p114">Yes. You can't import a PST file that has 300 or more levels of nested folders.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-157">**Can I use network upload to import PST files to an inactive mailbox in Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-157">**Can I use network upload to import PST files to an inactive mailbox in Office 365?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-158">Yes, this capability is now available. </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-158">Yes, this capability is now available.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-159">**Can I use network upload to import PST files to an online archive mailbox in an Exchange hybrid deployment?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-159">**Can I use network upload to import PST files to an online archive mailbox in an Exchange hybrid deployment?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-160">Yes, this capability is now available. </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-160">Yes, this capability is now available.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-161">**È possibile utilizzare il caricamento di rete per importare i file PST in cartelle pubbliche in Exchange Online?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-161">**Can I use network upload to import PST files to public folders in Exchange Online?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-162">No, non è possibile importare i file PST nelle cartelle pubbliche.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-162">No, you can't import PST files to public folders.</span></span>
  
## <a name="using-drive-shipping-to-import-pst-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="2785c-163">Utilizzo di spedizione unità per importare i file PST</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-163">Using drive shipping to import PST files</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="2785c-164">Per istruzioni dettagliate, vedere [Use Drive Shipping to Import PST files to Office 365](use-drive-shipping-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-164">For step-by-step instructions, see [Use drive shipping to import PST files to Office 365](use-drive-shipping-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365.md).</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-165">**Quali autorizzazioni sono necessarie per creare processi di importazione nel servizio di importazione di Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-165">**What permissions are required to create import jobs in the Office 365 Import Service?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-166">È necessario essere assegnati al ruolo import export delle cassette postali per importare i file PST nelle cassette postali di Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-166">You have to be assigned the Mailbox Import Export role to import PST files to Office 365 mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-167">Per impostazione predefinita, questo ruolo non è assegnato a nessun gruppo di ruoli in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-167">By default, this role isn't assigned to any role group in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-168">You can add the Mailbox Import Export role to the Organization Management role group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-168">You can add the Mailbox Import Export role to the Organization Management role group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-169">Or you can create a new role group, assign the Mailbox Import Export role, and then add yourself or other users as a member.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-169">Or you can create a new role group, assign the Mailbox Import Export role, and then add yourself or other users as a member.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-170">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere la sezione "aggiungere un ruolo a un gruppo di ruoli" o "creare un gruppo di ruoli" in Manage role groups [in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=730688).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-170">For more information, see the "Add a role to a role group" or the "Create a role group" sections in [Manage role groups in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=730688).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-171">Per creare processi di importazione nel centro sicurezza & Compliance, è inoltre necessario che sia vero uno dei seguenti valori:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-171">Additionally, to create import jobs in the Security & Compliance Center, one of the following must be true:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="2785c-172">È necessario essere assegnati al ruolo destinatari di posta elettronica in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-172">You have to be assigned the Mail Recipients role in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-173">By default, this role is assigned to the Organization Management and Recipient Management roles groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-173">By default, this role is assigned to the Organization Management and Recipient Management roles groups.</span></span>
    
    <span data-ttu-id="2785c-174">Oppure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-174">Or</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="2785c-175">È necessario essere un amministratore globale dell'organizzazione di Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-175">You have to be a global administrator in your Office 365 organization.</span></span>
    
> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-176">Valutare la possibilità di creare un nuovo gruppo di ruoli in Exchange Online specificamente progettato per l'importazione di file PST in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-176">Consider creating a new role group in Exchange Online that's specifically intended for importing PST files to Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-177">Per il livello minimo di privilegi necessari per importare i file PST, assegnare i ruoli di importazione e esportazione delle cassette postali al nuovo gruppo di ruoli e quindi aggiungere membri.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-177">For the minimum level of privileges required to import PST files, assign the Mailbox Import Export and Mail Recipients roles to the new role group, and then add members.</span></span> 
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-178">**Dove è disponibile l'unità di spedizione?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-178">**Where is drive shipping available?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-179">La spedizione di unità è attualmente disponibile negli Stati Uniti, Canada, Brasile, Regno Unito, Europa, India, Asia orientale, sud-est asiatico, Giappone, Repubblica di Corea e Australia.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-179">Drive shipping is currently available in the United States, Canada, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Europe, India, East Asia, Southeast Asia, Japan, Republic of Korea, and Australia.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-180">Drive shipping will be available in more regions soon.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-180">Drive shipping will be available in more regions soon.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-181">**What commercial licensing agreements support drive shipping?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-181">**What commercial licensing agreements support drive shipping?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-182">L'unità di trasporto per importare i file PST in Office 365 è disponibile tramite un contratto Microsoft Enterprise (EA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-182">Drive shipping to import PST files to Office 365 is available through a Microsoft Enterprise Agreement (EA).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-183">La distribuzione delle unità non è disponibile tramite un contratto di prodotti e servizi Microsoft (MPSA).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-183">Drive shipping isn't available through a Microsoft Products and Services Agreement (MPSA).</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-184">**Qual è il prezzo per l'utilizzo della spedizione delle unità per importare i file PST in Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-184">**What is the pricing for using drive shipping to import PST files to Office 365?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-185">The cost to use drive shipping to import PST files to Office 365 mailboxes is $2 USD per GB of data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-185">The cost to use drive shipping to import PST files to Office 365 mailboxes is $2 USD per GB of data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-186">For example, if you ship a hard drive that contains 1,000 GB (1 TB) of PST files, the cost is $2,000 USD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-186">For example, if you ship a hard drive that contains 1,000 GB (1 TB) of PST files, the cost is $2,000 USD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-187">You can work with a partner to pay the import fee.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-187">You can work with a partner to pay the import fee.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-188">Per informazioni su come trovare un partner, vedere [Find Your Office 365 partner or Reseller](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=785197).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-188">For information about finding a partner, see [Find your Office 365 partner or reseller](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=785197).</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-189">**What kind of hard drives are supported for drive shipping?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-189">**What kind of hard drives are supported for drive shipping?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-190">Solo 2,5 pollici Solid-State Drive (SSD) o 2,5 o 3,5 pollice SATA II/III unità disco rigido interne sono supportate per l'utilizzo con il servizio di importazione di Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-190">Only 2.5 inch solid-state drives (SSDs) or 2.5 or 3.5 inch SATA II/III internal hard drives are supported for use with the Office 365 Import service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-191">You can use hard drives up to 10 TB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-191">You can use hard drives up to 10 TB.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-192">Per i processi di importazione, verrà elaborato solo il primo volume di dati nel disco rigido.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-192">For import jobs, only the first data volume on the hard drive will be processed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-193">The data volume must be formatted with NTFS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-193">The data volume must be formatted with NTFS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-194">Quando si copiano i dati su un disco rigido, è possibile collegarlo direttamente usando un connettore SATA II/III da 2,5 pollici o 2,5 o 3,5 pollice oppure è possibile collegarlo esternamente usando un adattatore USB da 2,5 pollici SSD o 2,5 o 3,5 pollici SATA II/III.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-194">When copying data to a hard drive, you can attach it directly using a 2.5 inch SSD or 2.5 or 3.5 inch SATA II/III connector or you can attach it externally using an external 2.5 inch SSD or 2.5 or 3.5 inch SATA II/III USB adaptor.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-195">Le unità disco rigido esterne che dispongono di un adattatore USB incorporato non sono supportate dal servizio di importazione di Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-195">External hard drives that come with an built-in USB adaptor aren't supported by the Office 365 Import service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-196">Additionally, the disk inside the casing of an external hard drive can't be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-196">Additionally, the disk inside the casing of an external hard drive can't be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-197">Please don't ship external hard drives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-197">Please don't ship external hard drives.</span></span> 
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-198">**How many hard drives can I ship for a single import job?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-198">**How many hard drives can I ship for a single import job?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-199">You can ship a maximum of 10 hard drives for a single import job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-199">You can ship a maximum of 10 hard drives for a single import job.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-200">**After I ship my hard drive, how long does it take to get to the Microsoft data center?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-200">**After I ship my hard drive, how long does it take to get to the Microsoft data center?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p123">That depends on a few things, such as your proximity to the Microsoft data center and what kind of shipping option you used to ship your hard drive (such as, next-day delivery, two-day delivery, or ground-delivery). With most shippers, you can use the tracking number to track the status of your delivery.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p123">That depends on a few things, such as your proximity to the Microsoft data center and what kind of shipping option you used to ship your hard drive (such as, next-day delivery, two-day delivery, or ground-delivery). With most shippers, you can use the tracking number to track the status of your delivery.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-203">**Dopo che il disco rigido arriva al Data Center Microsoft, quanto tempo occorre per caricare i file PST in Azure?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-203">**After my hard drive arrives at the Microsoft data center, how long does it take to upload my PST files to Azure?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-204">Dopo aver ricevuto il disco rigido in Microsoft Data Center, saranno necessari tra 7 e 10 giorni lavorativi per caricare i file PST nell'area di archiviazione di Microsoft Azure per l'organizzazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-204">After your hard drive is received at the Microsoft data center, it will take between 7 to 10 business days to upload the PST files to the Microsoft Azure storage area for your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-205">I file PST verranno caricati in un contenitore BLOB di Azure denominato **ingestiondata**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-205">The PST files will be uploaded to a Azure blob container named **ingestiondata**.</span></span> 
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-206">**Quanto tempo è necessario per importare un file PST in una cassetta postale?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-206">**How long does it take to import a PST file to a mailbox?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-207">Dopo aver caricato i file PST nell'area di archiviazione di Azure, Office 365 analizza i dati nei file PST (in modo sicuro e sicuro) per identificare l'età degli elementi e i diversi tipi di messaggi inclusi nei file PST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-207">After the PST files are uploaded to the Azure storage area, Office 365 analyzes the data in the PST files (in a safe and secure manner) to identify the age of the items and the different message types included in the PST files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-208">Al termine dell'analisi, è possibile importare tutti i dati nei file PST o impostare filtri per controllare i dati che vengono importati.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-208">When this analysis is complete, you'll have the option to import all the data in the PST files or set filters to that control what data gets imported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-209">Dopo aver avviato il processo di importazione, un file PST viene importato in una cassetta postale di Office 365 a una velocità di almeno 24 GB al giorno.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-209">After you start the import job, a PST file is imported to an Office 365 mailbox at a rate of at least 24 GB per day.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-210">Se questa tariffa non soddisfa le proprie esigenze, è possibile prendere in considerazione altri metodi per importare i dati della posta elettronica in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-210">If this rate doesn't meet your needs, you might consider other methods for importing email data to Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-211">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere [Modalità di migrazione della posta elettronica a Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/ways-to-migrate-multiple-email-accounts-to-office-365-0a4913fe-60fb-498f-9155-a86516418842).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-211">For more information, see [Ways to migrate multiple email accounts to Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/ways-to-migrate-multiple-email-accounts-to-office-365-0a4913fe-60fb-498f-9155-a86516418842).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-212">If different PST files are imported to different target mailboxes, the import process occurs in parallel; in other words, each PST/mailbox pair is imported simultaneously.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-212">If different PST files are imported to different target mailboxes, the import process occurs in parallel; in other words, each PST/mailbox pair is imported simultaneously.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-213">Analogamente, se più file PST vengono importati nella stessa cassetta postale, verranno importati contemporaneamente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-213">Likewise, if multiple PST files are imported to the same mailbox, they will be simultaneously imported.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-214">**Dopo che Microsoft carica i file PST in Azure, per quanto tempo vengono conservati in Azure prima di essere eliminati?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-214">**After Microsoft uploads my PST files to Azure, how long are they kept in Azure before they're deleted?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-215">Tutti i file PST nel percorso di archiviazione di Azure per l'organizzazione (nel contenitore BLOB denominato **ingestiondata** ) vengono eliminati 30 giorni dopo la creazione del processo di importazione più recente nella pagina **Import** del Centro sicurezza & Compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-215">All PST files in the Azure storage location for your organization (in blob container named **ingestiondata** ), are deleted 30 days after the most recent import job was created on the **Import** page in the Security & Compliance Center.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-216">Questo significa anche che dopo l'eliminazione dei file PST dall'area di archiviazione di Azure, non vengono più visualizzati nell'elenco dei file per un processo di importazione completato nel centro sicurezza & Compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-216">This also means that after PST files are deleted from the Azure storage area, they're no longer displayed in the list of files for a completed import job in the Security & Compliance Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-217">Anche se un processo di importazione potrebbe essere ancora elencato nella pagina **Importa** del Centro sicurezza & Compliance, l'elenco dei file PST potrebbe essere vuoto quando si visualizzano i dettagli dei processi di importazione meno recenti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-217">Although an import job might still be listed on the **Import** page in the Security & Compliance Center, the list of PST files might be empty when you view the details of older import jobs.</span></span> 
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-218">**What version of the PST file format is supported for importing to Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-218">**What version of the PST file format is supported for importing to Office 365?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-219">There are two versions of the PST file format: ANSI and Unicode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-219">There are two versions of the PST file format: ANSI and Unicode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-220">We recommend importing files that use the Unicode PST file format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-220">We recommend importing files that use the Unicode PST file format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-221">Tuttavia, i file che utilizzano il formato di file PST ANSI, ad esempio quelli relativi alle lingue che utilizzano un set di caratteri a doppio byte (DBCS), possono essere importati anche in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-221">However, files that use the ANSI PST file format, such as those for languages that use a double-byte character set (DBCS), can also be imported to Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-222">Per ulteriori informazioni sull'importazione di file PST ANSI, vedere il passaggio 3 in [Use Drive Shipping to Import PST files to Office 365](use-drive-shipping-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365.md#step-3-create-the-pst-import-mapping-file).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-222">For more information about importing ANSI PST files, see Step 3 in [Use drive shipping to import PST files to Office 365](use-drive-shipping-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365.md#step-3-create-the-pst-import-mapping-file).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-223">Additionally, PST files from Outlook 2007 and later versions can be imported to Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-223">Additionally, PST files from Outlook 2007 and later versions can be imported to Office 365.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-224">**Is there a message size limit when importing PST files?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-224">**Is there a message size limit when importing PST files?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-225">Sì.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-225">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-226">Se un file PST contiene un elemento della cassetta postale di dimensioni superiori a 150 MB, l'elemento verrà ignorato durante il processo di importazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-226">If a PST file contains a mailbox item that is larger than 150 MB, the item will be skipped during the import process.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-227">**Sono proprietà del messaggio, ad esempio quando il messaggio è stato inviato o ricevuto, l'elenco di destinatari e altre proprietà, conservate quando i file PST vengono importati in una cassetta postale di Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-227">**Are message properties, such as when the message was sent or received, the list of recipients and other properties, preserved when PST files are imported to an Office 365 mailbox?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-228">Sì.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-228">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="2785c-229">I metadati del messaggio originale non sono cambiati durante il processo di importazione</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-229">The original message metadata isn't changed during the import process</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-230">**Is there a limit to the number of levels in a folder hierarchy for a PST file that I want to import to a mailbox?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-230">**Is there a limit to the number of levels in a folder hierarchy for a PST file that I want to import to a mailbox?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p131">Yes. You can't import a PST file that has 300 or more levels of nested folders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p131">Yes. You can't import a PST file that has 300 or more levels of nested folders.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-233">**Can I use drive shipping to import PST files to an inactive mailbox in Office 365?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-233">**Can I use drive shipping to import PST files to an inactive mailbox in Office 365?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-234">Yes, this capability is now available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-234">Yes, this capability is now available.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-235">**Can I use drive shipping to import PST files to an online archive mailbox in an Exchange hybrid deployment?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-235">**Can I use drive shipping to import PST files to an online archive mailbox in an Exchange hybrid deployment?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-236">Yes, this capability is now available. </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-236">Yes, this capability is now available.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-237">**È possibile utilizzare la distribuzione delle unità per importare i file PST nelle cartelle pubbliche in Exchange Online?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-237">**Can I use drive shipping to import PST files to public folders in Exchange Online?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-238">No, non è possibile importare i file PST nelle cartelle pubbliche.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-238">No, you can't import PST files to public folders.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-239">**Can Microsoft wipe my hard drive before they ship it back to me?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-239">**Can Microsoft wipe my hard drive before they ship it back to me?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p132">No, Microsoft can't wipe hard drives before shipping them back to customers. Hard drives are returned to you in the same state they were in when they were received by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p132">No, Microsoft can't wipe hard drives before shipping them back to customers. Hard drives are returned to you in the same state they were in when they were received by Microsoft.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-242">**Microsoft può tagliuzzare il disco rigido invece di rispedirlo a me?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-242">**Can Microsoft shred my hard drive instead of shipping it back to me?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p133">No, Microsoft can't destroy your hard drive. Hard drives are returned to you in the same state they were in when they were received by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p133">No, Microsoft can't destroy your hard drive. Hard drives are returned to you in the same state they were in when they were received by Microsoft.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-245">**Quali servizi di corriere sono supportati per la spedizione di andata e ritorno?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-245">**What courier services are supported for return shipping?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p134">If you're a customer in the United States or Europe, Microsoft uses FedEx to return your hard drive. For all other regions, Microsoft uses DHL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p134">If you're a customer in the United States or Europe, Microsoft uses FedEx to return your hard drive. For all other regions, Microsoft uses DHL.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-248">**Quali sono i costi di spedizione restituiti?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-248">**What are the return shipping costs?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p135">Return shipping costs vary, depending on your proximity to the Microsoft data center that you shipped your hard drive to. Microsoft will bill your FedEx or DHL account to return your hard drive. The cost of return shipping is your responsibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p135">Return shipping costs vary, depending on your proximity to the Microsoft data center that you shipped your hard drive to. Microsoft will bill your FedEx or DHL account to return your hard drive. The cost of return shipping is your responsibility.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-252">**È possibile utilizzare un servizio di spedizione corriere personalizzato, ad esempio la spedizione personalizzata FedEx, per spedire l'unità disco rigido a Microsoft?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-252">**Can I use a custom courier shipping service, such as FedEx Custom Shipping, to ship my hard drive to Microsoft?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-253">Sì.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-253">Yes.</span></span>
  
 <span data-ttu-id="2785c-254">**If I have to ship my hard drive to another country, is there anything I need to do?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-254">**If I have to ship my hard drive to another country, is there anything I need to do?**</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="2785c-p136">The hard drive that you ship to Microsoft might have to cross international borders. If this is the case, you're responsible for ensuring that the hard drive and the data it contains are imported and/or exported in accordance with the applicable laws. Before shipping a hard drive, check with your advisors to verify that your drive and data can legally be shipped to the specified Microsoft data center. This will help to ensure that it reaches Microsoft in a timely manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="2785c-p136">The hard drive that you ship to Microsoft might have to cross international borders. If this is the case, you're responsible for ensuring that the hard drive and the data it contains are imported and/or exported in accordance with the applicable laws. Before shipping a hard drive, check with your advisors to verify that your drive and data can legally be shipped to the specified Microsoft data center. This will help to ensure that it reaches Microsoft in a timely manner.</span></span>
